but other perils await them as they join
the clouds of eggs and larvae and tiny
fish that drift through the surface
waters of the open ocean these are the
eggs of yellowfin tuna
if the hatchlings survive it will take
them two years to become adults
[Music]
in three years they could be nearly two
meters long and weigh 200 kilograms
perhaps only one in a million will live
as long as that they and the other
animals and microscopic plants of the
plankton constitute the basis of all
life out on the open ocean a storm
petrel dancing on the water but this is
no Aimable walls it's a hunt as they
hover facing into the wind they pick out
morsels from near the surface including
eggs only a tiny percentage of the
developing eggs will survive long enough
to hatch these newly emerged tuna are
only three millimeters long and although
they can swim they're still very
vulnerable it will be many weeks before
they can swim strongly enough to make
any real headway in the ocean
after the Sun Goes Down other predators
rise from the depths to attack the
floating multitude
[Music]
darkness shrouds the arrival of
battalions of dangerous drifting
predators
[Music]
these shimmering comb genna's see puss
burrs trap their prey with sticky net
like webs one ill-timed fin stroke could
bring certain death to a hatchling fish
there are many kinds of these comb
jellies all of them very effective
hunters
[Music]
by dawn most of the nocturnal feeders
will have returned to the depths
the surviving hatchlings however have
already started on their travels
[Music]
you